item#: placeholder
containment class: safe

special comtainment procedures: a 1 mile perimeter has been established around placeholder island  
Any persons, entity, or object that crosses this threshold is deemed lost and should
be terminated upon any attempt to exit the perimeter. 

description: SCP-xxxx is a small island located off the coast of placeholder. The island measures approximately 4.8km in any direction,
with a large mountain (XXm) in the center. At the foot of the mountain a cave entrance is located behind
a waterfall. Approximately every 8 minutes an explosion can be seen blowing out of the cave entrance. 

Addendum xxxx-1: Exploration Log of Nu-21 "Lancer"

Lead: alright control, the charges are set and the enmtities are within
the cave. 
Control: Copy. You are clear to proceed. 
Lead: you heard em blue 2, fire in the hole!
*an explosion can be heard over the radio*
Lead: no signs of any response. well give it a few minutes before we head in and check it out. 
Control: affirmative. 
*5 minutes pass* 
Lead: control this is lead, do you copy?
Control: affirmative. 
Lead: we are entering the cave now. 
*pause*
Lead: looks like everything went according to plan, the back half of the cave is completely collapsed
and it looks like the hairy fucks all got caught it in. 
Blue 2: cant say im complaining though. easy in, easy out. 
Blue 3: woah, look at this. Theres some sort of markings here behind the wall. 
It looks like tbe explosion blew a chunk open. 
Lead: Control, what info do we have on this cave? it seems like theres some sort of structure
behind the rock wall that we freed up with the explosion. 
Control: as far as we know its just a cave. 
Lead: Control we may be experiencing some sort of electrical interference. Youre beginning to 
cutout. 
Control: thats odd, we can read you loud and clear. 
Lead: Could just be the headset then. ill have johnson look--
Blue 3: Screams *static*
Blue 2: What the fuck!
Lead: control, blue 3 just got sucked into the wall. 
Lead: alright con-*static*-re set and th-*static*-ithin
the cave. 
Control: come again?
Lead: the wall where blue 3 was standing. there was a pile of rubble that exposed the wall behind it. 
and the pile of rubble just got sucked back into the wall and blue 3 is gone. 
Control: Nu-21, exfil the island immediately. 
Lead: yo-*static*-ire in the hole!
Lead: wait.. no its the e-*static*
Lead: Cont-*static*-e advised it so-*static*-ere's 2 of you talking. 
Blue 5: Control this is blue 5. im still on the water but i just heard another explosion. 
Control: Copy that blue 5, exfil immediately. 
Blue 5: what? but shouldn't i go back for-
Control: negative blue 5. disable all communication equipment and exfil immediately. any farther
communications you recieve should be considered memetic. 
Lead: no sig-*static*-ll give it a fe-*static*-ead in and check it out. 
*comms line terminated*
end log

Addendum xxxx-2 note from Dr. Lovell: SCP-xxxx appears to be some sort of temporal anomaly causing time to loop in on itself on the
island. While this anomaly itself provides little threat to the veil, its effects can quickly compound into an uncontrollable
cascade. After testing (see Addendum xxxx-3) we have concluded that anything exiting the boundary of scp-xxxx will do so
indefinitely, effectively creating an endless clone loop. If a dangerous entity, take SCP-173 for example, were to enter the island,
and then exit its perimeter before the cycle concludes, a new instance of SCP-173 would exit the island every 8 minutes ad nauseam. 